Building (mafm, GSoC 2008 WIP)
------------------------------

For building G3D module of BRL-CAD you need some extra tools, which
are reasonable for recent projects in modern Operating Systems -- 3D
libraries don't work well on older systems, anyway.

These tools are:

- CMake, a building system similar in scope to GNU autotools but in
general simpler and much much quicker.

- pkg-config: a tool for interpreting special .pc files provided by
many libraries, which permit to set the flags necessary for
compilation and linking automatically.

- Some external dependencies for the software in 'src/other', chiefly
imaging libraries for OGRE (in example DevIL) -- but maybe also others
depending on your system.

Please note that the support for this experimental branch is not very
strong (we even had to create CMake and pkg-config files to smooth the
process, because of some annoying rough edges), and at the moment
it'll probably only compile in Unix-like systems with GCC compiler --
for other systems you'll probably have to tweak things and install
parts by hand.

Building
--------

The build process for Rt^3 utilizes the GNU Build System and make.
Although using the autotools should considerably simplify building
Rt^3 on other systems, the only systems presently officially supported
are the following:

Apple Mac OS X 10.3+
Linux 2.4+
SGI IRIX 6.5+

Support for additional systems may be considered with sufficient
encouragement or justification.  That stated, the build is constantly
tested on a variety of systems.

Quick Start
-----------

To get up and running quickly:

* For external code:

	cd src/other
	su -c "make install"

You can also build only separate parts, in example if you have some of
them installed in the system for some reason, you can do
"make ogre|ois|mocha|rbgui", or the same targets with "install-" in front.

NOTE: Ogre won't work with stable releases so far (as of July 2008),
so if you don't want to use the one shipped in 'src/other' you need to
check out SVN trunk head.

* To compile g3d with cmake && make as usual, you have to do:

	mkdir src/g3d/build
	cd src/g3d/build
	cmake .. && make
	su -c "make install"

If everything ran fine, you should be able to launch the program by
invoking 'g3d' command.
